So now let's talk about the ecosystem around AWS.
So there are lots of free resources
you can use online to learn.
For example, there is the blog of AWS,
which is very helpful to get new feature release,
as well as in-depth article
around how to do a specific use case.
The community forums are also a great way to engage
with other builders.
There is the white paper and guide section,
which is very helpful to learn in depth
around a specific area of AWS.
And then you have the solutions library,
which is to be called Quick Starts,
which gives you vetted technology solutions for the cloud.
For example, if you want to implement live streaming on AWS,
you would just find it on the solutions website.
So let me show you.
So here I am on this Solutions Library website.
And as you can see, I can scroll down
and look at popular solutions
and I will just take the first one,
but you can take whichever you want,
which is live streaming on AWS.
And we scroll down, we see what is the solution,
what are the pros and cons.
Then we have an architecture diagram
on this one and that one,
so we can choose the one we want.
And then if you wanted to implement it, you can for example,
click here to launch it in the console.
And this takes you directly into CloudFormation
to actually go ahead and create this stack
based on the specific URL.
So it just a very good way to get started easily
with some architectures and some solutions
that are going to be very scalable and vetted by AWS.
So all of these free resources are available
to you at no cost.
But then there is support by AWS.
So we've seen different level of supports.
So on developer, we get business hour email
and access to cloud support associates.
We get general guidance of less than 24 hours
and system impaired of less than 12 hours.
If we are in the business subscription,
then we're going to get 24/7 phone supports,
email and chat access to cloud support engineers,
so one level up.
In case your production system is down,
you get ,sorry for impaired,
you get less than four hours.
And for production system down,
you get less than one hour of reply time.
And for enterprise, which is the most expensive tier,
you get access to
a dedicated technical account manager or TAM.
You get concierge support team to help you with billing
and account best practices.
And in case your business system is down,
then it's going to be less than 15 minutes
before you get a reply from the support of AWS,
which is very handy.
So again, remember the different levels of support
as part of the ecosystem.
Okay, next we have the Marketplace.
So I just talked about it briefly in the EC2 section,
but it is going to be a digital catalog
with thousands of software listing
from independent software vendors, which are third party.
For example, on the Marketplace,
you can buy a custom AMI for someone
that was customized with some OS, some firewalls
or some technical solutions.
You can also buy CloudFormation templates
that are going to be production ready.
You could buy software
as a service directly from the Marketplace.
You can buy containers,
and if you buy through the Marketplace,
the advantage that it goes directly into your bill of AWS,
so it's only to source a new vendor.
Then you can sell your own solutions on the Marketplace
if you want to become a marketplace seller.
So as we can see, a Marketplace can be very easy,
and we've seen it in the beginning of the course
regarding the AMIs.
Next, we have training from AWS.
So we have two sorts of training given directly
by AWS that can be digital, so online,
or classroom training with in-person or virtual.
There's also private training
if you want to organize a training session
for your organization.
And then there is dedicated training
and certification program for the US government,
and a training and certification program for the enterprise.
So that's for the training that AWS can give you.
Then we have AWS Academy to help universities teach AWS,
so that people when they get their university degree,
they also know how to use the cloud.
And then obviously not sponsored training by AWS,
but you get your obviously favorite teacher online,
that is me, teaching you about certifications
and more on AWS.
Okay, so this is for the options
of training that you can get.
Then you're going to get professional services
and the partner network.
So there is a team called
the AWS Professional Services Organization.
It's a global team of expert that can help you with AWS.
They will work alongside your team,
so your people handling AWS
and a chosen member of the APN.
APN stands for AWS Partner Network.
It's a network of people
that AWS knows are good with the cloud.
So we have the technology partners,
so the APN technology partners
that will be providing hardware connectivity and software.
So they will be more helping you on the infrastructure side,
whereas the consulting partners on APN
are going to be professional services firm
that will help you build on AWS.
Next, we have the APN training partners
who can help you learn AWS.
They will be training partners
that will be able to deliver the AWS training
that I've told users this from the slide before.
And then we have the Competency Program,
which are given to the APN partners
who have demonstrated technical proficiency
and proven customer success in specialized solution areas.
And then finally, one last thing, the Navigate Program
to help partners become better partners
to train the partners.
So I know this is a very long lecture on the AWS ecosystem,
but at the exam you'll get one
or two questions on finding the right service
or the right tool for the ecosystem.
And so for you, it's really, really important
to remember all the things I just said.
Thankfully, it makes sense.
The names are most likely going to be obvious,
once you know and once you've seen them once.
So I would recommend just trying to memorize those.
We're going to help you with a quiz in this sections.
But again, feel free to revisit this lecture
before your exam to give yourself a small refresher.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.